866: Sozialpass csv import docs (#966)
digitalfabrik/entitlementcard: docs/sozialpass-stores-import.md

# Sozialpass stores import

Currently we import new stores for sozialpass manually from csv every quarter.
The source file will be provided in nextcloud by the city of nuernberg.
This source file contains addresses which have to be converted to coordinates before they can be used for store import.
The output file will be uploaded to the entitlement server.

1. Enable `geocoding` and `csvWriter` in `/backend/src/resources/config`

> 2. Save the recent Akzeptanzpartner excel file csv format and put it to `/backend/src/resources/import/Akzeptanzpartner-daten.csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the recent Akzeptanzpartner excel file in csv format and put it into `/backend/src/resources/import`
```
